Protocol 2013-11-03
present: sam, rich, rob, lilafisch
excused: jeremy, andy

TODO:
> ticket: storage facility options -> #2082
> ticket: insurance for kit, dev-kit
> ticket: define how dev-kit is handed to people
> research on being a charity: rob is doing this, his status is documented on $wiki page
> mail to the list about charity: collect all existing knowledge/resources on this topic

==== the future of the vault
* vault too small
* what do we use the vault for storing?
-> kit for schools/shipping, spares
-> $stuff for competition, kickstart
-> arena parts
-> stuff that we 'don't relly need'
-> dev kit

* What is regularly used at doings:
-> dev kit
-> stuff that we 'don't really need'
* What should probably also stay close:
-> $stuff for events
* What should go somewhere else:
-> kit for schools/shipping, spares
spares should be separate, so they don't get mixed with dev-kit

Options:
* hire storage
-> harder to get to
-> ca. Â£200/??AREA/Month
-> expansion can happen within the storage thing
-> comes with insurance
-> probably best option

* someones garage/shed
-> one person at least has always access to it
-> does it exist?
-> reliability (long term)?

* Access for storage?
- spare kit doesn't have to be accessed often (ca. 10/year currently, might increase)
- access for competition things only ca. 1week around competition
- assembly of kit? depends a lot on how kit assembly is organized in the future, but also quite restricted in time

-> ticket: research storage facilities


=== managing the kit
* bristol only has one of last years dev kit
* should have more, current
* #dev kit on paper: 18
* reality: ? (spares and dev were not appropriately sepparated)
* how we decide where dev kit goes?
* someone needs to take responsibility
* a person/multiple people who make sure that the kit is treated under insurable coditions
* the ideal would be that everyone can get to kit at doings
* lilafisch proposed to give up on a small number of kit (5 of 18) and just put them in well accessible places
* kit should get insurance?!

-> ticket: research insurance options for kit

* for now: no insurance, people have responsibility
* where is noted who is responsible? -> trac page?
* attribute for the whole kit assembly

Southampton can have two kit, if someone comes forward to being responsible for that kit.
-> ticket: define how dev-kit is handed to people

=== How we ensure that stock is organised properly after events (Smallpeice, Science Days, etc.), and that it still exists.
* events happen (kickstart, summerschool, competition,...)
* everything ends up in the vault in an undefined state
* competition isn't over when awards are handed out, but when we are at an ordered state.
-> additional roadmap point for each event: cleanup after event

=== competition location update
> motorola answer should have been there 2 weeks ago, 'next couple of weeks'
> newbry and london 
> london has too many pillars, probably won't work
> several can go for a visit to newbry once the money is there
> newbry might not be free, alternatives will be discussed when this is clear

=== what does the new location involve in addition
> rent van for getting stuff
> coaches to drive blueshirts daily from bristol, southampton
> students union can help with transporting blueshirts from bristol to newbry
> lighting (volunteers with theater knowledge exist)
> food availability
> hotels?
-> pushed after booking of location (finances and availability of location then)

=== charity state of SR (lay out basic steps that need to happen, hopefully  more blueshirts can get involved in making them happen)
charity would be nice because we
- become a legal entity
- more reasonable applying for funding
- current funding will be easier to receive
- disclaimer form gets easier

what needs to happen?
> correct structure (no corruption)
> we need trustees (similar to board of directors, take respronsibility, above steering committee)
   - volunteers
   - team leaders
> we need to write a legal document
sam might be abled to set something up with a lawyer
email: rob is doing this, his status is documented on $wiki page

=== Smallpeice 2015
> david o. doesn't like how smallpeice is currently running
> could be done in cooparation with farnbourough air show (?)
> work at southampton university, competition at the air show
> thing at the air show is SR branded

+ student robotics would be at the air show, when school children + teachers are there
+ teams from previous competition could be invited
+ no loss for SR, everything over smallpeice
+ might attract new volunteers
+ does support the purpose of SR
+ SR would appear as SR (not smallpeice) at the air show

- currently disorganized
- kit is in a disorganized state after event
- students actually pay for it atm
student robotics should not look bad...

> rob volunteers to organize this and get smallpeice integrated in SR
