2014-02-25
present: rob, sam, andy, jeremy, rich, sophia

=== smallpeice ===
- smallpeice ignored our wish to choose the date around farnborough week
- they need to respect what we want
- we don't want to do smallpiece again the same as before
- but there are students coming in through smallpiece
- and volunteers investing time
- but is there someone that can take care of on time (early!) preparations
- they definitely knew about the date
- we can lend kit
- volunteers can be informed about the need for volunteers and are of course free to help with smallpeice
- kit would include old motorboards. so we really don't care about the state of kit after the competition.
- that would not be a clear no though...

Vote: full support? no support, but kits? no support at all?
- majority wants to go 'no - with kits' (5 for it, 1 abstention)
- we absolutely don't want to have SR branding.


=== charity ===
- using funds from hopefully ecs a solicitor will write a constitution
- initial seat set would be steering committee
- we should get teachers as members
- nothing international
- sr germany will do it's own thing. They are only three for now anyways.
- money things, as soon as possible ECS should come back to us.
- can members be from differenc countries? apparently so:
https://www.charitycommission.gov.uk/media/95433/rs7text.pdf

Vote: do we want to have a vote just steering committee or do we want to have a vote of all sr
3 for, 3 against

discussion.
- charity plans would be reviewed once we have something from a solicitor, anyways
- all of SR will be asked again
- waiting for a vote would slow things down
- there was no criticism
- there will definitely be community feedback before we become a charity so we may as well progress

people change their mind:
5 for, 1 against

vote: do we want to become a charity
6 for

=== competition ===
it's in nine weeks
- funds need to exist
- elisabeth is up for managing sheparding
- compd pain.
- four teams haven't used IDE yet
- five more teams haven't used IDE this year, two of them are not responding
- media consent has not gone out
- needs to. happen. nao.
- still needs ca. 3hrs of work.
- risk asessments still need to happen.
- nobody gave risk asessment to andy busse. this got lost between rob and sam
- sam gets on that


=== sponsors ===
- susu mangled paperwork
- we are waiting for things to come back.
- we haven't got IT figured out
- orchard offers help at the event, though busy
- rob is asking venue about internet connection
- network stuff looks overall nice.
