Brief Minutes from 02/08/2012

- Purpose of SC meetings

-- Need reason for meeting before it is made.
-- Decisions
-- Steering committee informing people of what we are doing. Direction of SR.
-- Making sure things get done/attention. Medium/longer term decisions.

- Does entire SC know what they are doing?
-- More on the wiki? Roles are what you make them. In conclusion, yes.

-- More list stuff

- SR2013 timeline
  -- Kick-start
  -- Techdays
  -- Competition
  -- Dates picked. Tech days
  -- Need venue before place. First setup day - setting up, second day - run through, making sure everything works, run through of compd, human sanity check on schedule.

- Syseng
-- Spec for processes as services and engineering stuff. Defining them.
-- Defined process for changing things. Dev resources, student resources, other resources.
-- What completion something should be before shipped. Define when it's complete enough to be exposed to students. When things are "ready"
-- Review document by everyone, signed by steering committee.
-- Small patches by ack, big patches by meeting after a few weeks on the email list.
-- Big feature changes.

- User management. Page needs to be done! Replace all of the paper/manual creation of accounts.
-- Currently: School emails us with details, Conversation between: wrong information, etc.
-- All users forget stuff. Email Dialogue is not efficient.
-- Media consent adds onto this.
-- SPEC for new system needs to be made
-- Team leader -- Has control over entire team.
-- List of users that are in the team, can inform students off their username and edit, etc.
-- School with two teams - Spec point allowing teachers to swap

- Linode.
-- Turns everyone into sysadmin work.
-- Test stuff without having a login on production
-- Or LDAP manager.
-- Allows everyone to do this.
-- Soon!

- Outreach stuff
-- New magnitude of stuff - Smallpiece
-- Too some feels like "Happening covertly"
-- Contention for resources - dev kits. Being used for these events
-- Bestival - Not many people know what it even is.
-- Need more publicity to Student Robotics.
-- Not enough Kit?
-- No information on who's involved, what kits involved, etc.
-- SR resources and people
-- Discussion on what event is.
-- All information should be publically available.
-- News feed after
-- Conclusion: People need to know more, list more details.
-- Community needs to know more.
-- Spec is needed for hardware allocation for these events

- Blue shirt Apathy
-- Same people doing the same things,
-- New people not getting involved as much
-- People tend to disappear
-- Recruiting?
-- Need to get people into schools fast, drives attention.
-- Pair, new person and person who've done it before.
-- Sam’s: "We've going to build a robot event" after volunteering event.
-- Some people need hard core dev, some people we need to get to mentor.
-- Main problem is retaining people once they're interesting.
-- Need more mentors in Southampton.
-- Need to increase enthusiasm.

- Recruitment
-- Name badge, one per team, interact, details on list
-- Events capture a lot of people.
-- All agreed, this should/will happen.

- Jumpstart.
-- Alistair has replied.
-- 27 Sept.
-- Try to get a talk. Run with the faire, at a lunch time.
-- Good for recruiting in Bristol, not so work in Southampton.
-- Getting stands at things.

-- More ex competitors get them into it
-- Non student people?
-- Pushing things SR has made to the internet/dev scene more. Libkoki, IDE etc.

- Teams for this year
-- 36 teams is target
-- 13 Registers so far, kick-start is back later so we have more time
-- Sam’s "thing" - Graphic Science - Helping recruitment.
-- 58 Kits in total when new parts arrive.
-- 2014, 56 is target still.
-- 2015, 81 teams on current curve.

- ECS internships.
-- EE because we need electronics experience.
-- Idea was to assemble kits, not dev software.
-- Andy B is doing a month of work since last week; stuff will be on the list.

- Going over some of the post competition breakdown to make sure some of it happens this year.
-- Stuff being fixed
-- List of priorities to be done soon.
-- Feedback into a poll


- New SR Branches.
-- No pressure, getting them to do small things like Mentoring a single school and CRB.
-- Not calling it a branch until a bit after.
-- Encourage to find schools nearby

- Engineering meet ups?
-- Mumble or something, scheduled, not a doing or a meeting, just to get things discussed. Specifics and technicalities of things such as the IDE to be discussed.


- SR2013 Selection process
-- Date all proposals by
-- Vote by voting system
-- Game is decided
-- Proposal is email to the list
-- Time after this is for designing the rules
-- Recommendations by the SC?
-- Steering committee modify after voting.
-- Ending is on 31st.


- IDE replacement thing
-- Cloud9 and Collide are not ready for SR.
-- We could dev collide to work.
-- Split IDE and GIT. Less maintenance.
-- Bug free.
-- IE is horrible. But we cannot stop supporting it.

- Social events
-- Movies
-- Pub
-- Hike/Boat
-- Building robots
