==== 23rd of July, 20:00 to 21:37 ====
Present: all but Jeremy
===== topics =====
- what is going on towards charity?
- how to get more volunteers involved
- how to get new volunteers better involved in our work
- Kickstart
- how/where is the next competition going to be (at least there were some mentions that this is happening?)
- competition travel/accomodation cost?
- number of arenas?
- maybe some info about the internships?
- next committee election

==== towards charity ====
- see email(s)
- working to get it sorted out sooner rather than later, so we can get funding
- rich, jeremy, rob are well aware of risks

==== how to get more volunteers involved ====
- 'official training'
- what types of volunteers?
   * helping out at comp, kickstart, technical things, mentoring?
- we take on volunteers and expect them to do anything -> maybe more explicit labeling?
  mentors shouldn't need to use any tools -> what about inventory? nope, they can ask others about that
- badges? some mark you had training?
- southampton training last year: kickstart games, quiz (kit assembled with mistakes, game questions)
- how to get introduction to mentors?
  > hangouts?
  > where multiple mentors are: event
  > 'training pack'?
  > mentors: looking out to visit a team
  > make sure they feel they are supported
  > weekly hangout?
  > people need to be persuaded that they want to be mentored
  > send people in a pair (done so in bristol, southampton)
  > expectation: they should know more than the people they are mentoring - which isn't true
- how do we get more people persuaded to be mentors?
- what do we do with a new person who wants to be a mneotr (NOT put them on the mailing list)
  > no expectation to be on trac, gerrit, doings...
  > all we want: go to schools, mentor, fill out mentor form after
  > two forms: how do I become a mentor; how do I mentor
- put these docs on the website
- how to keep track of mentors -> sign up system
- use tech days to have mentor training

==== Kickstart ====
will happen soon
- multiple kickstart event
- new format is nice
- where are the kickstarts going to be
   > greshams no longer an option
   > cambridge? - they want students down in southampton
   > bristol! (JHacker, TJones gone)
   > Southampton!
   > Munich!
- Southampton was too big, schools came there even with closer kickstarts
- complex link: which locations, how many teams, funding situation
- Bristol could take 15 to 20 teams
- schools should be assigned kickstart
- kickstart 'in your school' has different feeling
- event next door vs 50 miles away
- if the distance is so important, then we're doing something wrong
- make the location special: not a school but uni, a workplace, ...
- people should apply?
  > complexity!
- assigned kickstarts?
  > people can still complain and we deal with it
  > not rigid
! General agreement: we assign Kickstart to teams, it's not rigid

LOCATIONS
- Southampton UNI
- Bristol UNI
- Munich UNI
- School John Bartlett moved to (Southend) SCHOOL
- Oxford? Place with computers? HSO? White October? COMPANY
- London? Shoredich Some place with computer already? Steve, Howard, Rob, Sam
- Guildford
  
PRESENTATION
- Southampton presentations were not great
- rob greatly improvised his presentation
- we need peope able to deliver the presentation well, sufficiently practiced
-> the presentation needs to be ready earlier
> overarching information requirement
> centralised slide deck bad idea
> quality of presentation can be dealt with before hand by humans
> ask people to do presentations two weeks beforehand in front of some local people
> locally!
> how do we make sure there is a general good style
> choose some people as subcommitee to provide feedback
- why not have a recording of the practice rounds and have those as an option in case there is no speaker
- recordings don't have the same impact
- lilafisch disagrees strongly, the video recordings in Munich were always great
- but we can do it without video too!11

===== Next competition =====
- repeat this years search
- the earlier the better
- are we growing out of Newbury
  >  yes, the free spaces were mainly due to teams dropping out
  > middle floor can't fit too many people
- ideally: one floor, larger
- depends on how funding works out > charity

===== Mentors can claim their travel budget for general mentoring =====
- the money is now in existance, blueshirts can claim it
- will be in next SRAWN
- if you know trac, make a purchase ticket
- send scanned copies to treasurers@

===== Competition Travel/Accomodation =====
- blueshirts were discomforted about unknown location due to uncertainty how to get to comp
- everyone agrees that we should do it
- what is a reasonable way to do it
- individual travel is not the way to go
  > will not be available to people who are not in main branches
  > waste of volunteer time sitting in a car every day
  > organisational overhang
- accomodation
  > what is reasonable about claiming these things
  > assigned shifts, n shifts = competition cost taken care off
  > budget/number of volunteers we can fund
  > how many volunteers do we _need_
  > funding if you signed up sufficiently in advance -> good for group booking
  > we need a similar tag like for mentoring
  > we need an introduction how to be a competition volunteer

===== How many arenas =====
- TWO
- we had about 1.5 times as many matches than in 2013
- the times between matches would be increased
- less specs about arena in the docs/rules -> space for us to design better arena space
- teams left before the end because they thought they could not watch the finals
===== Internships =====
- we have internships
- uncertainty until recently: funding
- large amount of confusion due to bad communication
- Tom Leese, Giorgos do internships
- Giorgos: dataset of battery discharge profiles, so we can have battery charge state
- Tom: Interface on tablets in next years kit

===== Next commitee election =====
- charity will change structure of organisation
- we should wait until we have the charity
- filing paperwork: soon
- getting it back: ~ 1.5 months
- we don't want to make final decision about committee election without jeremy present
- if it all comes down to it, we can go on to the kickstart as we are


TODO
>> make the documents for mentors, competition volunteers
>> tracking system vfor volunteers >> tags what they are doing
