[2011/05/26 18:57:59] @ rds set topic "Student Robotics Steering Committee Meeting -- logged to http://srobo.org/~rbot/hash-srobo-steering"
[2011/05/26 18:58:13] <rds> srbot: topic learn
[2011/05/26 18:58:13] <srbot> alright, rds
[2011/05/26 18:58:29] <Alistair> I guess you'll chair this one, rob?
[2011/05/26 18:58:41] <rds> yea, I can do if that's alright with people
[2011/05/26 18:58:48] <Alistair> no objections here
[2011/05/26 18:59:02] @ ckirkham joined channel #srobo-steering
[2011/05/26 18:59:11] @ Mode +v ckirkham by Alistair
[2011/05/26 18:59:14] @ Mode +v Alistair by Alistair
[2011/05/26 18:59:16] @ Mode -o Alistair by Alistair
[2011/05/26 18:59:22] @ Mode -o samphippen by samphippen
[2011/05/26 19:00:20] <samphippen> who are we waiting on?
[2011/05/26 19:00:28] <rds> rich
[2011/05/26 19:00:30] <rds> shaun
[2011/05/26 19:02:05] <Alistair> they'll be here shortly
[2011/05/26 19:02:16] <rds> http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BjA8pmchRBk
[2011/05/26 19:02:38] <rds> I have disturbing news
[2011/05/26 19:02:47] <rds> the room containing coffee in this building has been locked
[2011/05/26 19:02:49] <rds> and I don't have the key
[2011/05/26 19:03:09] <Alistair> verily, this is terrible news
[2011/05/26 19:03:20] <rds> thank god I have doughnuts
[2011/05/26 19:03:26] <samphippen> rds: strictly speaking if you only want committee talking you should set mode +m on the channel
[2011/05/26 19:03:47] @ Mode +m by rds
[2011/05/26 19:03:54] <rds> like this ^ ?
[2011/05/26 19:03:59] <Alistair> yup
[2011/05/26 19:04:15] <samphippen> that is correct
[2011/05/26 19:05:15] <samphippen> I'm suffering from a temptation to rip this calculator apart with a screwdriver and finding out what's on the inside
[2011/05/26 19:05:26] <Alistair> tasty tasty 555 timers
[2011/05/26 19:06:18] <samphippen> it's a nice calculator
[2011/05/26 19:06:24] <samphippen> one of the proper op ones
[2011/05/26 19:07:44] <rds> did I forget to announce this meeting on-list?
[2011/05/26 19:07:52] <Alistair> yes
[2011/05/26 19:08:03] <rds> joy
[2011/05/26 19:08:10] <rds> oh well, there will be more
[2011/05/26 19:08:50] <samphippen> do orders of business include treasurerage?
[2011/05/26 19:09:25] <rds> yea, was going to poll people for agenda items when everyone was here, but fire away (yup, I already had treasurage on it ;)
[2011/05/26 19:10:11] <Alistair> electoral reform
[2011/05/26 19:10:19] <rds> ?
[2011/05/26 19:10:41] <Alistair> i propose STV rather than FPTP
[2011/05/26 19:10:44] <rds> I will form the agenda here: http://collabedit.com/dmy6r
[2011/05/26 19:10:52] <rds> Alistair: for treasury?
[2011/05/26 19:10:57] <Alistair> in general
[2011/05/26 19:11:11] <Alistair> when SR at large are electing the committee next, for instance
[2011/05/26 19:14:18] <rds> where are those people
[2011/05/26 19:14:45] <rds> yuh, if you have any items for the agenda, please stick them at the bottom of the collabedit document
[2011/05/26 19:16:17] <rds> srbot: topic add optimising process workflows and synergy, and maximising bacon throughput
[2011/05/26 19:16:18] @ I set topic "Student Robotics Steering Committee Meeting -- logged to http://srobo.org/~rbot/hash-srobo-steering | optimising process workflows and synergy, and maximising bacon throughput"
[2011/05/26 19:16:52] <rds> ok, I think we should get going
[2011/05/26 19:16:57] <samphippen> fair enough
[2011/05/26 19:17:12] <rds> I only want this to be reasonably quick
[2011/05/26 19:17:21] <samphippen> k
[2011/05/26 19:17:23] <rds> however, I shall just munge this agenda around
[2011/05/26 19:17:40] @ rbarlow joined channel #srobo-steering
[2011/05/26 19:17:54] <samphippen> o/
[2011/05/26 19:17:55] <samphippen> \o
[2011/05/26 19:17:56] <samphippen> o/
[2011/05/26 19:18:03] @ Mode +v rbarlow by rds
[2011/05/26 19:18:10] <Alistair> and shaun?
[2011/05/26 19:18:14] <samphippen> we do need shaun
[2011/05/26 19:18:15] <rbarlow> he'll be on in a second
[2011/05/26 19:18:30] @ shaun joined channel #srobo-steering
[2011/05/26 19:18:36] @ Mode +v shaun by rds
[2011/05/26 19:18:47] <shaun> ooo exciting
[2011/05/26 19:18:58] <rds> ok, rbarlow, shaun, the agenda for this experience is here: http://collabedit.com/dmy6r
[2011/05/26 19:19:06] <rds> if you have items to add, please add them at the bottom
[2011/05/26 19:19:23] <rds> we'll do a couple more minutes of agenda rotation, then begin
[2011/05/26 19:21:29] <rds> everyone put everything onto it that they want?
[2011/05/26 19:21:41] <Alistair> yup
[2011/05/26 19:21:54] <rds> 5
[2011/05/26 19:21:56] <rds> 4
[2011/05/26 19:22:01] <rds> 3
[2011/05/26 19:22:04] <rds> 2
[2011/05/26 19:22:05] <Alistair> C-C-C-COMBO BREAKER
[2011/05/26 19:22:10] <rds> 1
[2011/05/26 19:22:12] <rds> Ok
[2011/05/26 19:22:14] <rds> Right
[2011/05/26 19:22:15] <rds> let's begin
[2011/05/26 19:22:17] <rds> hello
[2011/05/26 19:22:20] <samphippen> o/
[2011/05/26 19:22:21] <Alistair> hello
[2011/05/26 19:22:23] <rbarlow> it hasn't loaded for me
[2011/05/26 19:22:24] <ckirkham> hello
[2011/05/26 19:22:39] <rds> rbarlow: this is your naff wireless innit
[2011/05/26 19:22:54] * rds puts it in a file
[2011/05/26 19:23:05] <rds> https://www.studentrobotics.org/~rspanton/t
[2011/05/26 19:23:25] <rds> I don't want this meeting to become endlessly long...
[2011/05/26 19:23:28] <rds> so
[2011/05/26 19:23:47] <rds> Alistair and I were thinking that we could rotate who chaired each meeting
[2011/05/26 19:23:56] <rds> me this week, someone else next week
[2011/05/26 19:23:56] <rds> and so on
[2011/05/26 19:24:01] <samphippen> k
[2011/05/26 19:24:04] <rds> s/week/fortnight/
[2011/05/26 19:24:18] <ckirkham> seems sane
[2011/05/26 19:24:27] <rds> and we'll put the log of this meeting somewhere accessible
[2011/05/26 19:24:35] <rds> ok, that covers item 1
[2011/05/26 19:24:47] <rds> onto the second, which I've called "roadmap"
[2011/05/26 19:24:54] <samphippen> should we expalin the duties of the chairman?
[2011/05/26 19:24:58] <rds> ok
[2011/05/26 19:25:13] <rds> I fully expect the chairman's role to evolve as time goes on
[2011/05/26 19:25:19] <rds> especially as multiple people are doing it
[2011/05/26 19:25:51] <rds> but what I was going to try and do was make sure that we get through the points of the agenda, stay relatively on subject, and don't exceed an hour's meeting time
[2011/05/26 19:26:11] <samphippen> k
[2011/05/26 19:26:13] <rds> samphippen: did you have something you wanted to add to that?
[2011/05/26 19:26:28] <samphippen> no, seems sensible
[2011/05/26 19:26:30] <rds> k
[2011/05/26 19:26:34] <rds> right, "roadmap"
[2011/05/26 19:26:49] <rds> I wrote this one, I'll explain what I mean
[2011/05/26 19:27:12] <rds> There's been some recent statements about what's going to be happening in SR2012 and SR2013
[2011/05/26 19:27:27] <rds> I think we know that there are 24 "slots" for SR2012
[2011/05/26 19:27:35] <rds> I *think* these are full
[2011/05/26 19:27:55] <rds> we should, at some point, work out who is in those slots
[2011/05/26 19:27:59] <samphippen> can you define full, do we already have 24 schools signed up?
[2011/05/26 19:28:07] <samphippen> or does this include planned reaching out to new schools
[2011/05/26 19:28:09] <rds> this is what I mean by work it out
[2011/05/26 19:28:11] <samphippen> k
[2011/05/26 19:28:45] <rds> however, I don't think there's anything that the SC needs to discuss right now about this
[2011/05/26 19:28:52] <shaun> is there a list of these 24 teams any where?
[2011/05/26 19:28:58] <rds> (19:24:51) rds: we should, at some point, work out who is in those slots
[2011/05/26 19:29:02] <samphippen> k
[2011/05/26 19:29:15] <samphippen> we probably don't need to beat this out now.
[2011/05/26 19:29:19] <rds> indeed
[2011/05/26 19:29:21] <rds> we're not going to
[2011/05/26 19:29:38] <rds> because we will shortly be applying for funding
[2011/05/26 19:29:47] <rds> which will fund the generation of kit for SR2013
[2011/05/26 19:30:00] <rds> we need to plan how many slots there will be for SR2013
[2011/05/26 19:30:17] <samphippen> I think doubling is insane, but adding on 50% is quite possible
[2011/05/26 19:30:18] <rds> several numbers have been flailed around
[2011/05/26 19:30:20] <rbarlow> if we double the amount of kit we have now then that's enough for 55 teams
[2011/05/26 19:30:45] <rds> OK.  Where do we think these teams are going to come from?
[2011/05/26 19:31:17] <samphippen> there are at least 12 sixth forms in bristol itself, but bath is only 15 minutes away, and is therefore also targettable
[2011/05/26 19:31:18] <Alistair> there are plenty of schools across the country who would be interested
[2011/05/26 19:31:21] <rbarlow> however just because we make enough kit for that many teams doesn't necessarily mean we have to have that many teams as it means we can get away without manufacturing more kit for a year
[2011/05/26 19:31:46] <rbarlow> also I feel that we could get a lot of interest from the big bang fair
[2011/05/26 19:31:57] <samphippen> I estimate that we'll have between 6 and 8 schools for sr2013 in bristol
[2011/05/26 19:32:07] <rbarlow> we've seen with yorkshire that it's possible for a team to compete successfully over a long distance
[2011/05/26 19:32:18] <samphippen> that is true
[2011/05/26 19:32:25] <samphippen> so we can certainly hit up schools from around the uk
[2011/05/26 19:32:28] <rds> yes, I'm not worried about distance
[2011/05/26 19:32:30] <shaun> well the guy from the big bang said that he'd introduce me to a woman who organises a national one
[2011/05/26 19:32:33] <Alistair> another aspect we have to consider though is the additional mentoring
[2011/05/26 19:32:44] <rds> Alistair: indeed.
[2011/05/26 19:32:46] <samphippen> rds: how many schools did we have a year ago, how many did we have this year?
[2011/05/26 19:33:01] <rds> I can tell you in teams, rather than schools
[2011/05/26 19:33:06] <samphippen> yes, that's what I meant
[2011/05/26 19:33:35] <rds> ~10 teams made it to SR2011 I think
[2011/05/26 19:33:38] <rds> +/- 1
[2011/05/26 19:33:50] <rds> and as we know, 15 made it to SR2012
[2011/05/26 19:33:58] <rds> out of a total of 17
[2011/05/26 19:34:28] <samphippen> ok
[2011/05/26 19:34:38] <samphippen> so if we're betting on 24 next year
[2011/05/26 19:34:50] <samphippen> it's about *1.5 again
[2011/05/26 19:34:59] <samphippen> so I think *1.5 for sr2013 makes sense
[2011/05/26 19:35:10] <rbarlow> i agree
[2011/05/26 19:35:12] <rds> something to note is that *i think* all of the new teams made it to the comp
[2011/05/26 19:35:33] <Alistair> didn't hill's road drop out?
[2011/05/26 19:35:37] <rds> additionally, SR2010 was also ~10
[2011/05/26 19:35:42] <samphippen> so 36 teams for sr2013?
[2011/05/26 19:35:49] <rds> Alistair: technically they weren't "new" -- they were "involved" the previous year
[2011/05/26 19:35:58] <Alistair> ok
[2011/05/26 19:36:11] <rds> thing is we went from approximately no growth to some growth last year
[2011/05/26 19:36:27] <rbarlow> also of note: assuming *1.5 growth, in SR2014 there will be 54 teams, which is how many we could support by doubling the number of kits
[2011/05/26 19:36:34] <rds> 36 seems reasonably sane to me
[2011/05/26 19:36:41] <rds> (for SR2013)
[2011/05/26 19:36:47] <Alistair> i deem this also sane
[2011/05/26 19:36:49] <rbarlow> so doubling the kits now allows us to not manufacture anything during SR2013
[2011/05/26 19:36:55] <samphippen> consideration: what space are we going to use if we have 36 teams
[2011/05/26 19:36:56] <rbarlow> i agree on the 36 estimate for 2013
[2011/05/26 19:37:02] <samphippen> what space are we going to use if we have 55 times.
[2011/05/26 19:37:16] <rds> indeed, and we should make sure we have budget for changing some slice of the kit
[2011/05/26 19:37:27] <rbarlow> yes
[2011/05/26 19:37:27] <Alistair> samphippen: choice of venue is something i hope we'll cover next meeting
[2011/05/26 19:37:30] <rds> samphippen: I think we can deal with that closer to the time
[2011/05/26 19:37:39] <samphippen> <Alistair> samphippen: choice of venue is something i hope we'll cover next meeting
[2011/05/26 19:37:39] <samphippen> this
[2011/05/26 19:37:44] <rds> right
[2011/05/26 19:37:58] <rds> enough team roadmappage
[2011/05/26 19:37:59] <rds> onwards
[2011/05/26 19:38:06] <samphippen> k
[2011/05/26 19:38:10] <rds> Someone wrote "Opening the community to new members/generally expanding"
[2011/05/26 19:38:13] <rds> who?
[2011/05/26 19:38:15] <rds> presumably sam?
[2011/05/26 19:38:26] <samphippen> yeah
[2011/05/26 19:38:36] <rds> please explain
[2011/05/26 19:38:43] <samphippen> in the past there's been some perceived barrier to new people coming in and doing things
[2011/05/26 19:38:51] <samphippen> either mentoring or actually technical
[2011/05/26 19:39:03] <shaun> define things?
[2011/05/26 19:39:15] <samphippen> developing software/kit
[2011/05/26 19:39:18] <samphippen> or mentoring
[2011/05/26 19:39:26] <rbarlow> i'm going to have to restart our router, shaun and I will reappear in 2 seconds
[2011/05/26 19:39:28] <rds> what kind of barriers
[2011/05/26 19:39:43] <samphippen> I think mostly it's a big scary bunch of technical challenges.
[2011/05/26 19:40:00] <samphippen> can we produce easier things that new people can get started on and still be useful?
[2011/05/26 19:40:24] <samphippen> I think this is going to be a long thing, so it might be best to talk about this on list
[2011/05/26 19:40:35] <Alistair> as an observation, I think we only picked up three new members for SR2011
[2011/05/26 19:40:35] <rds> it's a difficult situation is the summary
[2011/05/26 19:40:45] <rds> this is typical &
[2011/05/26 19:40:52] <rds> s/&/^/
[2011/05/26 19:41:04] <Alistair> with growth as rapid as we're seeing though, I think we need to bring in more people
[2011/05/26 19:41:10] <samphippen> we had 5 new members at bristol, but no dev actually happened
[2011/05/26 19:41:16] <samphippen> anyway, I think this belongs on the list
[2011/05/26 19:41:20] <samphippen> where we can hammer things out at length
[2011/05/26 19:41:41] <ckirkham> i think that's probably a better way
[2011/05/26 19:41:50] <ckirkham> aside: do we want a committee list?
[2011/05/26 19:41:52] <Alistair> I agree with you that it is something we have to think about sam
[2011/05/26 19:41:52] <rds> indeed, I think it's suffice to leave this saying that we agree that Bristol dev interactions can be better
[2011/05/26 19:42:02] <rds> ckirkham: I'll put that on agenda
[2011/05/26 19:42:10] <ckirkham> k
[2011/05/26 19:42:12] <rds> right
[2011/05/26 19:42:36] <rds> finished with the community expanding item for the mo?
[2011/05/26 19:42:43] <samphippen> I think so
[2011/05/26 19:42:49] <rds> ok
[2011/05/26 19:42:54] <rds> the next item is "SRAWN"
[2011/05/26 19:42:59] <rds> Alistair: did you write this?
[2011/05/26 19:43:03] <Alistair> yes
[2011/05/26 19:43:08] <rds> ...
[2011/05/26 19:43:19] @ rbarlow1 joined channel #srobo-steering
[2011/05/26 19:43:30] @ Mode +v rbarlow1 by rds
[2011/05/26 19:43:54] <rds> Alistair: would you like to explain what you wanted to discuss about it?
[2011/05/26 19:43:57] <Alistair> SRAWN is a good idea, and by my reckoning it would probably help with the bristol dev situation sam mentioned by making sure everyone knows what's going on
[2011/05/26 19:44:16] <Alistair> is there general agreement on this, and if so, whose responsibility is it to munge it
[2011/05/26 19:44:25] <rds> there is the possibility of attempting a distributed SRAWN generation
[2011/05/26 19:44:35] <rds> since then it's everyone's business
[2011/05/26 19:44:45] <samphippen> having a person per branch doing SRAWNING?
[2011/05/26 19:44:55] <rds> nah, I meant anyone and everyone
[2011/05/26 19:44:58] @ Quit: rbarlow: Ping timeout
[2011/05/26 19:44:58] @ Quit: shaun: Ping timeout
[2011/05/26 19:45:04] <rds> e.g. one can submit a story as one wants
[2011/05/26 19:45:16] <rds> however, the danger is this becoming the mailing list
[2011/05/26 19:45:24] <rds> which is probably why it needs an editor
[2011/05/26 19:45:26] <samphippen> and have a massive SRAWN thread on the list?
[2011/05/26 19:45:33] @ shaun joined channel #srobo-steering
[2011/05/26 19:45:37] <rds> lol no, not on the list
[2011/05/26 19:45:40] <samphippen> k
[2011/05/26 19:45:41] @ Mode +v shaun by rds
[2011/05/26 19:45:52] <Alistair> I'd have said it's sam's job to oversee editing it, being the communities guy
[2011/05/26 19:46:04] <Alistair> that doesn't necessarily mean editing it, just delegating its editing
[2011/05/26 19:46:27] <shaun> ahh im back
[2011/05/26 19:46:36] <Alistair> hello
[2011/05/26 19:46:39] <samphippen> we could have a git repo which has unmoderated articles, and then a text file on optimus which represents some combination of those?
[2011/05/26 19:46:46] <rds> and this editor could accept articles from people
[2011/05/26 19:47:13] <rds> importantly, it must be edited/moderated I think
[2011/05/26 19:47:19] <rds> otherwise it becomes just as noisy as the mailing list
[2011/05/26 19:47:20] <samphippen> I agree on that
[2011/05/26 19:47:22] <Alistair> I agree
[2011/05/26 19:47:26] <rds> quals
[2011/05/26 19:47:36] <rds> ok, so we might move forward on that soon...
[2011/05/26 19:47:39] <shaun> sorry, can i back track.... what was said about getting more members
[2011/05/26 19:47:48] <rds> no, you can't -- see log
[2011/05/26 19:47:56] <rbarlow1> shaun: i pasted the log into bonjour
[2011/05/26 19:47:56] <rds> :P
[2011/05/26 19:48:07] <rds> see channel topic -- log is there
[2011/05/26 19:48:14] @ rbarlow1 is now known as rbarlow
[2011/05/26 19:48:20] <rds> right, next item
[2011/05/26 19:48:23] <samphippen> I think that covers swarn
[2011/05/26 19:48:32] <rds>  - Mentoring for SR2012 - frequency and getting mentors out to teams
[2011/05/26 19:48:41] <rds> who wrote?
[2011/05/26 19:48:45] * Alistair  
[2011/05/26 19:48:55] <rds> ...
[2011/05/26 19:49:09] <samphippen> if near a university, I'd say we should aim for at least once a month from someone
[2011/05/26 19:49:42] <ckirkham> monthly or even fortnightly seems reasonable to me
[2011/05/26 19:49:51] <samphippen> obviously, we'd aim for more often
[2011/05/26 19:49:59] <rds> I think rather than having a blanket policy, we should prioritise the schools, then take the available manpower and ship it to the highest priority schools
[2011/05/26 19:50:05] <rbarlow> i think the focus should be taken off real-life mentoring too, at least for now
[2011/05/26 19:50:20] <Alistair> I agree, the forums have been very effective this last year
[2011/05/26 19:50:23] <rbarlow> i.e. we should publicise the forums before real-life mentoring, as they're always available and have been proven to be useful
[2011/05/26 19:50:34] <shaun> when i was trying to sort out mentoring last year i had to do it all through alex
[2011/05/26 19:50:38] <rds> fact is that there aren't enough people to go out to the schools
[2011/05/26 19:50:43] <rbarlow> in the future, when we're as big as first ;), we can offer regular real-life mentoring
[2011/05/26 19:50:51] <ckirkham> i think with RL mentoring, it's easy for the team to become dependent on the mentor
[2011/05/26 19:50:56] <shaun> the schools submit when their meetings are but obv they could change to suit a mentor
[2011/05/26 19:50:56] <ckirkham> something to be avoided
[2011/05/26 19:51:08] <shaun> but im not sure this is something made available atm
[2011/05/26 19:51:10] <Alistair> rds: that speaks in favour of less frequent visit so one mentor can do multiple schools on alternate weeks
[2011/05/26 19:51:12] <rds> ckirkham: agreed.  or at least believe they are dependent.
[2011/05/26 19:51:18] <ckirkham> yeah
[2011/05/26 19:51:26] <rds> Alistair: yea, sounds good
[2011/05/26 19:51:42] <samphippen> RL mentoring is a good thing though.
[2011/05/26 19:51:42] <rds> ckirkham: you are mentorage, yah?
[2011/05/26 19:51:48] <ckirkham> yarh
[2011/05/26 19:51:52] <samphippen> teams enjoy it, and I personally really enjoy it also
[2011/05/26 19:52:21] <rds> ckirkham: ok, do you want to attempt to get some sort of list based discussion going around the points that are being raised here?
[2011/05/26 19:52:29] <rds> (at some point in the near future)
[2011/05/26 19:52:35] <ckirkham> I will do, yes
[2011/05/26 19:52:49] <ckirkham> I think there's a lot to talk about
[2011/05/26 19:53:06] <samphippen> ok
[2011/05/26 19:53:23] <rds> yes, I think everyone agrees that RL mentoring is good, just that there isn't enough resource for it weekly.
[2011/05/26 19:53:25] <rds> ^ yes?
[2011/05/26 19:53:31] <Alistair> yes
[2011/05/26 19:53:41] <rds> (I mean everyone as in everyone on SC)
[2011/05/26 19:53:52] <samphippen> probably
[2011/05/26 19:54:06] <rds> alright, _currently_ enough resource
[2011/05/26 19:54:11] <ckirkham> with a lower frequency, the available mentors can spread their efforts
[2011/05/26 19:54:16] <rds> yes
[2011/05/26 19:54:24] <shaun> yes
[2011/05/26 19:54:25] <rds> alright _weekly_ RL mentoring
[2011/05/26 19:54:42] <samphippen> anyway
[2011/05/26 19:54:43] <samphippen> let's continue
[2011/05/26 19:54:54] <rds> so, a modified statement: I think everyone on the SC agrees that weekly RL mentoring is good, just that there isn't currently enough resource for it weekly.
[2011/05/26 19:54:58] <rds> and onwards
[2011/05/26 19:55:04] <rds> "SR2012 dates"
[2011/05/26 19:55:10] <Alistair> mine again
[2011/05/26 19:55:13] <rds> go
[2011/05/26 19:55:27] <Alistair> do we want to sort out dates now, and how many tech days do we want
[2011/05/26 19:55:32] <Alistair> someone else added the second subpoint there
[2011/05/26 19:55:49] <Alistair> i'm in favour of adding a third tech day late this year
[2011/05/26 19:55:59] <Alistair> mid-late november
[2011/05/26 19:56:05] <rbarlow> i agree
[2011/05/26 19:56:07] <rds> yea, sounds good
[2011/05/26 19:56:09] <samphippen> k
[2011/05/26 19:56:15] <samphippen> do we think tech days should be totally centralised
[2011/05/26 19:56:23] <samphippen> as opposed to having them in soton and bristol
[2011/05/26 19:56:29] <rbarlow> i also think that as the tech days get closer to the competition we should make more effort to have an arena/arena like thing
[2011/05/26 19:56:37] <Alistair> yes
[2011/05/26 19:56:45] <Alistair> it would be nice to hold tech days in the same venue as the competition
[2011/05/26 19:56:49] <rbarlow> so the first one might not have anything special, but the last one should have a 1/2 sized arena for instance
[2011/05/26 19:57:05] <Alistair> samphippen: what do you reckon of, say, the yorkshire team?
[2011/05/26 19:57:10] <rds> my plan is that new vision will mean some chairs can pose as an arena
[2011/05/26 19:57:12] <samphippen> they made it to the soton one
[2011/05/26 19:57:23] <rbarlow> samphippen: i think the first one or two could be regional and the last one could be national
[2011/05/26 19:57:28] <samphippen> ok
[2011/05/26 19:57:37] <Alistair> sounds reasonable
[2011/05/26 19:57:43] <shaun> ud be hard pressed to book the sports hall more than once unless u pay big bucks
[2011/05/26 19:57:44] <rds> well, what's the actual value of the tech day to teams
[2011/05/26 19:57:46] <rbarlow> ideally we'd get the 'tinkering day' before the comp to be just that
[2011/05/26 19:57:57] <rbarlow> rather than everyone hacking away crazily to get something that works
[2011/05/26 19:58:07] <rds> and does that value really change by having larger tech days
[2011/05/26 19:58:12] <Alistair> rds: access to blueshirts, a chance to look at what other teams have done
[2011/05/26 19:58:27] <rbarlow> no, but if we're setting up an arena then it's less hassle if we only do that once in one place
[2011/05/26 19:58:27] <rds> and does having larger tech days detract from the perceived "hugeness" of the competition?
[2011/05/26 19:58:46] <samphippen> the compition is huge because it's in a large place
[2011/05/26 19:58:47] <rds> again, my hope is that the arena will just be some chairs at the tech days
[2011/05/26 19:58:50] <samphippen> and there's vast swarms of people
[2011/05/26 19:58:52] <samphippen> everywhere
[2011/05/26 19:59:09] <rds> samphippen: and if there's a central tech day... it will be the same ...
[2011/05/26 19:59:27] <samphippen> rds: I guess that's the point
[2011/05/26 19:59:27] <rbarlow> rds: i think the arena presented at the final tech day should be as close as possible to what will be at the competition
[2011/05/26 19:59:39] <rbarlow> as they can setup chairs and so on themselves
[2011/05/26 19:59:49] <samphippen> I think perhaps tech days should be reigonal
[2011/05/26 19:59:56] <samphippen> just so that the competition is still bigger
[2011/05/26 19:59:57] <rds> rbarlow: i disagree, but we need to move on
[2011/05/26 20:00:00] <samphippen> k
[2011/05/26 20:00:06] <Alistair> dates
[2011/05/26 20:00:10] <rds> of
[2011/05/26 20:00:11] <Alistair> still remain to be discussed
[2011/05/26 20:00:15] <rds> tech days?
[2011/05/26 20:00:17] <Alistair> of kickstart, tech days, competition
[2011/05/26 20:00:41] <samphippen> end of september, just after christmas, a month before the competition, easter?
[2011/05/26 20:00:42] <rds> perhaps you could suggest some either on list or next meeting
[2011/05/26 20:01:02] <Alistair> OK
[2011/05/26 20:01:17] <rds> getting the comp date right is difficult, and will probably involve talking to schools
[2011/05/26 20:01:31] <rds> don't think there's much more we can do about dates here and now?
[2011/05/26 20:01:37] <Alistair> i'll have to interface with our phanton 7th committee member on that
[2011/05/26 20:01:43] <Alistair> I dunno who put in the other point in that topic
[2011/05/26 20:01:52] <Alistair> "making teams aware of teams not in their locale"
[2011/05/26 20:01:54] <rbarlow> i thought mr srbot was the schools person
[2011/05/26 20:02:12] <rds> samphippen, ckirkham: was the locale thing you?
[2011/05/26 20:02:19] <ckirkham> n ope
[2011/05/26 20:02:26] <samphippen> uh
[2011/05/26 20:02:32] <samphippen> what's the full point
[2011/05/26 20:02:40] <Alistair> that is the full point
[2011/05/26 20:02:40] <rds> Alistair just wrote it
[2011/05/26 20:02:47] <Alistair> as a subpoint of SR2012 dates
[2011/05/26 20:02:49] <rds> (19:58:48) Alistair: "making teams aware of teams not in their locale"
[2011/05/26 20:02:51] <samphippen> that's not me
[2011/05/26 20:02:54] <rds> ok
[2011/05/26 20:02:58] <Alistair> shaun?
[2011/05/26 20:02:59] <rds> next time, people are prefixing these with names!
[2011/05/26 20:03:06] <shaun> yes
[2011/05/26 20:03:10] <rds> it was you?
[2011/05/26 20:03:17] <shaun> no
[2011/05/26 20:03:22] <shaun> sorry, got confused
[2011/05/26 20:03:26] <rds> rbarlow: you're the only one left
[2011/05/26 20:03:27] <rds> was it you?
[2011/05/26 20:03:31] <rds> 5
[2011/05/26 20:03:32] <rds> 4
[2011/05/26 20:03:34] <rds> 3
[2011/05/26 20:03:35] <rbarlow> i haven't edited anything
[2011/05/26 20:03:39] <rds> right
[2011/05/26 20:03:42] <rds> then we'll ignore it
[2011/05/26 20:03:43] <Alistair> what
[2011/05/26 20:03:50] <Alistair> <spooky music>
[2011/05/26 20:03:52] <rds> Budget
[2011/05/26 20:03:56] <rds> this was me
[2011/05/26 20:04:10] <rds> I have been quiet about the budget for the last few weeks
[2011/05/26 20:04:14] <rds> due to minithesisage
[2011/05/26 20:04:51] <rds> fact: we are already waaay too late to get money from Moto by kickstart
[2011/05/26 20:04:58] <rds> (would need to be pre xmas)
[2011/05/26 20:05:08] <rds> but, I don't think this is an issue
[2011/05/26 20:05:11] <samphippen> fact2: andy is rotating at the speed of light about this
[2011/05/26 20:05:15] <shaun> what are our expendatures short term now?
[2011/05/26 20:05:21] <rds> assuming we are extremely careful about spending
[2011/05/26 20:05:25] <rds> short term? none
[2011/05/26 20:05:34] <shaun> do we need money for kickstart?
[2011/05/26 20:05:34] <rbarlow> there is, kit mods
[2011/05/26 20:05:34] <rds> (we'll get to BBF in a minute)
[2011/05/26 20:05:41] <Alistair> the only things which I can think of in the short term are BBF and scarzy's boards
[2011/05/26 20:05:46] <rds> ok, depends what you mean by short term
[2011/05/26 20:05:52] <samphippen> kickstart?
[2011/05/26 20:05:58] <Alistair> between now and kickstart
[2011/05/26 20:06:12] <shaun> before our next income
[2011/05/26 20:06:17] <rds> I think we should dedicate all of the funds that we have to SR2012 kickstart
[2011/05/26 20:06:21] <rds> and nothing else
[2011/05/26 20:06:33] <samphippen> are kit modifications going to cost anything?
[2011/05/26 20:06:50] <rds> the kit mod rbarlow is referring to is a bugfix
[2011/05/26 20:06:55] <rds> it's pretty essential
[2011/05/26 20:07:01] <rds> so I regard it as part of kickstart
[2011/05/26 20:07:04] <samphippen> k
[2011/05/26 20:07:47] <rds> so, I think we're going to need to look very shortly at exactly how much money stuff for SR2012 launch/kickstart will need
[2011/05/26 20:07:49] <shaun> if we're gonna dedicate the whole rest of budget to kickstart we need to make clear whats part of kickstart
[2011/05/26 20:08:05] <rds> getting kit to school kids
[2011/05/26 20:08:13] <samphippen> printing things
[2011/05/26 20:08:16] <samphippen> mini game
[2011/05/26 20:08:18] <samphippen> bacon
[2011/05/26 20:08:23] <samphippen> robt bases?
[2011/05/26 20:08:41] <Alistair> I think robot bases is something we can discuss next meeting
[2011/05/26 20:08:45] <samphippen> k
[2011/05/26 20:08:48] <Alistair> possibly after some list discussion
[2011/05/26 20:08:50] <Alistair> rds/rbarlow?
[2011/05/26 20:09:02] <rds> I think they can entirely be discussed on list
[2011/05/26 20:09:12] <rds> I have mixed opinions of them
[2011/05/26 20:09:21] <rbarlow> we also need a reasonable/accurate estimate for how much they are going to cost
[2011/05/26 20:09:29] <rds> teams have never actually been presented with good info on how to build one
[2011/05/26 20:09:33] <rbarlow> otherwise we have no idea if we can afford them for this kickstart
[2011/05/26 20:09:46] <shaun> ^ agreed with rbarlow
[2011/05/26 20:09:55] <Alistair> george has looked into this a bit
[2011/05/26 20:10:02] <Alistair> we should interface with him about the costs
[2011/05/26 20:10:07] <rds> indeed, which leads back to looking at exactly how much money things will cost
[2011/05/26 20:10:34] <rds> I will start some action on this next week
[2011/05/26 20:10:46] <shaun> which we cant do now unless we decide whether to actually make bases
[2011/05/26 20:10:51] <samphippen> ok
[2011/05/26 20:11:05] <rds> right, moving on
[2011/05/26 20:11:08] <rds> to Big Bang
[2011/05/26 20:11:20] <rds> I wrote this I think...
[2011/05/26 20:11:22] <samphippen> I can't be there, it sounds like a good idea to get our name out
[2011/05/26 20:11:29] <shaun> this sounds like my area
[2011/05/26 20:11:29] <rds> yes, sounds good
[2011/05/26 20:11:43] <shaun> I got an email of the guy saying what he can give us
[2011/05/26 20:12:06] <shaun> ·         Provide you with space at the event which will be 4m x 3m minimum. Ask for more if necessary·         You will have at least one 2m long table, more if required.·         Chairs are available for you too. 4 chairs. More if required.·         There are electrical sockets available close to you.·         Internet is also available.·         The setting up of your area is on t
[2011/05/26 20:12:09] <rds> ok, but more generally, what does it actually require of SR
[2011/05/26 20:12:14] <shaun> arggghhh, sorry ill email it
[2011/05/26 20:12:29] <rds> and what is there about it that can be discussed by the SC?
[2011/05/26 20:12:49] <rbarlow> we need to produce some leaflets
[2011/05/26 20:12:52] <Alistair> who have we got, how many do we need, what do we need down there, what's the demo?
[2011/05/26 20:12:58] <shaun> nothing, just thought it would be useful
[2011/05/26 20:12:59] <rbarlow> that say who we are/what we do
[2011/05/26 20:13:21] <rbarlow> they should be suitable for people interested in taking part, both at uni/as mentors and in schools
[2011/05/26 20:13:31] <rbarlow> i also think they should be decent advertising material for getting sponsors
[2011/05/26 20:13:32] <rds> ok
[2011/05/26 20:13:48] <rds> which brings us on to the sub-point
[2011/05/26 20:13:58] <rbarlow> we also need posters
[2011/05/26 20:14:06] <rds> there is no budget actually allocated for this
[2011/05/26 20:14:10] <rbarlow> (about both us and the demo)
[2011/05/26 20:15:13] <rds> does anyone have any bright ideas about how to fund the BBF venture?
[2011/05/26 20:15:31] <samphippen> moar sponsors?
[2011/05/26 20:15:39] <rds> in one month!?
[2011/05/26 20:15:44] <shaun> jesters fundraiser?
[2011/05/26 20:15:47] <Alistair> we should probably generate some cost projections before wondering how we're going to pay them
[2011/05/26 20:15:49] <samphippen> sorry, I read that as the BBF future
[2011/05/26 20:16:04] <samphippen> as in, for the future of BBF fairs that will happen
[2011/05/26 20:16:28] <rds> Alistair: I agree. I also think that no money should be spent on it until this is done.
[2011/05/26 20:16:41] <shaun> how much do posters cost and what quality do they have to be?
[2011/05/26 20:16:53] <shaun> A3 colour printed should be ok surely?
[2011/05/26 20:16:53] <rds> this can be googled later
[2011/05/26 20:17:26] <rds> so, budgetary requirements are being prioritised higher because of BBF
[2011/05/26 20:17:39] <rds> ok
[2011/05/26 20:17:49] <Alistair> before we move on from the BBF
[2011/05/26 20:17:50] <rds> any more on BBF?
[2011/05/26 20:17:52] <rds> ah
[2011/05/26 20:18:01] <Alistair> i should just say i think it's probably a great opportunity for us to do some networking
[2011/05/26 20:18:08] <rds> absolutely
[2011/05/26 20:18:24] <rds> move on?
[2011/05/26 20:18:26] <Alistair> so let's bring in many blueshirts to mingle
[2011/05/26 20:18:29] <Alistair> :)_
[2011/05/26 20:18:30] <Alistair> sure
[2011/05/26 20:18:32] <rds> k
[2011/05/26 20:18:40] <rds> Treasury
[2011/05/26 20:19:14] <rds> if everyone's happy with the "SC selects a treasury team then gets it voted in" plan, we need to select this team...
[2011/05/26 20:19:22] <samphippen> ok
[2011/05/26 20:19:23] <samphippen> yes
[2011/05/26 20:19:25] <samphippen> I am ok with this
[2011/05/26 20:19:32] <samphippen> but, we presumably need to ask them if they're ok to do it
[2011/05/26 20:19:33] <rbarlow> i'm happy with that
[2011/05/26 20:19:37] <shaun> should the treasury not include any SC?
[2011/05/26 20:19:38] <Alistair> yeah
[2011/05/26 20:19:56] <rds> I don't see a need for the T not to include SC members
[2011/05/26 20:20:01] <Alistair> Scarzy argued that it should be a majority non-SC
[2011/05/26 20:20:04] <rds> why
[2011/05/26 20:20:12] <Alistair> conflict of interest and suchlike
[2011/05/26 20:20:15] <samphippen> scarzy, jmorse, ed?
[2011/05/26 20:20:17] <rds> what is the conflict of interest?
[2011/05/26 20:20:38] <Alistair> also the treasury being able to force budgets through more easily if they're most of the steering committee
[2011/05/26 20:20:49] <shaun> wouldnt it be much better for them to nominate themselves?
[2011/05/26 20:20:52] <rbarlow> also i makes the whole 'treasurers do something committee passes it' thing a bit pointless
[2011/05/26 20:20:58] <shaun> then we know theyre willing and will do work
[2011/05/26 20:21:08] <ckirkham> we should probably choose people that'll almost always be in soton
[2011/05/26 20:21:37] <shaun> but if we choose people they might just say yes for the sake of it but not actually care
[2011/05/26 20:21:41] <rds> I see the committee passes it thing as ensuring that the treasury has thought through the budget change
[2011/05/26 20:21:44] <rds> that's all
[2011/05/26 20:21:59] <Alistair> right, but if the treasury is all SC
[2011/05/26 20:22:05] <Alistair> then it only needs one person to let it through
[2011/05/26 20:22:31] <Alistair> the more people are involved in both, the less scrutiny the budget actually gets
[2011/05/26 20:22:34] <rbarlow> i think for now there's not much we can do about it as there aren't enough of us
[2011/05/26 20:22:35] <rds> what would be an acceptable number of SC?
[2011/05/26 20:22:48] <rbarlow> in the future i think we should have a rule along the lines of the majority has to be independent
[2011/05/26 20:22:51] <Alistair> 1 or 2 IMHO
[2011/05/26 20:23:01] <ckirkham> agreed
[2011/05/26 20:23:12] <samphippen> yeah, majority should not be SC
[2011/05/26 20:23:13] <Alistair> obviously we're somewhat short on people, but I think we should certainly have at least one independent in the treasury
[2011/05/26 20:24:15] <Alistair> I nominate tsmith ;D
[2011/05/26 20:24:26] <rds> so, what about this situation: we have T of arbitrary people.  Majority of SC has to ACK budget changes, and at least 1 or 2 SC who aren't on T have to be part of that majority.
[2011/05/26 20:24:37] <rds> (let's say 2)
[2011/05/26 20:24:43] <samphippen> sounds pretty sane
[2011/05/26 20:24:47] <rbarlow> yea, sounds good
[2011/05/26 20:24:58] <Alistair> OK
[2011/05/26 20:25:31] <ckirkham> yeah
[2011/05/26 20:25:37] <shaun> aye
[2011/05/26 20:25:43] <rds> I think that's the best we can do, especially given the number of willing people there are to choose from...
[2011/05/26 20:26:15] <rds> I suggest we have a chat about people in email off-list...
[2011/05/26 20:26:21] <samphippen> ok
[2011/05/26 20:26:22] <samphippen> next
[2011/05/26 20:26:29] <rds>  - "Electoral Reform" (Alistair)
[2011/05/26 20:26:36] <Alistair> yes
[2011/05/26 20:26:43] <rds> does this need discussing *now* ?
[2011/05/26 20:27:03] <rds> or can it be delayed 10-11 months?
[2011/05/26 20:27:06] <Alistair> yes, because I put to you a scenario where it might be very relevant
[2011/05/26 20:27:33] <Alistair> imagine there was an SR member who was the only one going for a committee position, and nobody wanted that SR member in that committee position
[2011/05/26 20:27:47] <samphippen> we have RON
[2011/05/26 20:27:50] <samphippen> and abstain
[2011/05/26 20:27:51] <rds> ah, the RON/Abstain thing
[2011/05/26 20:27:54] <Alistair> I wouldn't want a split vote between abstention and RON to allow them in
[2011/05/26 20:28:14] <rds> I agree
[2011/05/26 20:28:34] <Alistair> so I propose that future elections are run under the single transferable vote rather than FPTP
[2011/05/26 20:29:01] <rbarlow> shaun (in my room): there shouldn't be the option to abstain if there's only one person running
[2011/05/26 20:29:09] <rds> I was just about to say this ^
[2011/05/26 20:29:13] <rds> we can remove Abstain
[2011/05/26 20:29:30] <samphippen> yeah
[2011/05/26 20:29:32] <samphippen> problem solved
[2011/05/26 20:29:34] <rds> (although I was actually going to say one place available, rather than person running)
[2011/05/26 20:29:39] <rds> this solves it for now, and involves no coding
[2011/05/26 20:29:48] <rds> k?
[2011/05/26 20:29:48] <rds> ok
[2011/05/26 20:29:52] <rds> next item
[2011/05/26 20:29:53] <rbarlow> do you mean remove abstain entirely?
[2011/05/26 20:29:54] <Alistair> this doesn't remove the underlying vote-splitting issue which might occur with multiple candidates
[2011/05/26 20:30:05] <Alistair> but that can be delayed
[2011/05/26 20:30:09] <rds> yes
[2011/05/26 20:30:12] <rds> and yes
[2011/05/26 20:30:16] <rds> and onwards
[2011/05/26 20:30:20] <rds> time is ticking
[2011/05/26 20:30:24] <rds>  - What will become of the Chairman's Award
[2011/05/26 20:30:33] <rbarlow> SC award
[2011/05/26 20:30:36] <samphippen> done
[2011/05/26 20:30:41] <rbarlow> next item
[2011/05/26 20:30:50] * samphippen hi5s rbarlow 
[2011/05/26 20:30:50] <rbarlow> :P
[2011/05/26 20:30:51] <Alistair> needs a better name, but OK
[2011/05/26 20:30:58] <rds> I think the other awards in general should be voted for by the community
[2011/05/26 20:31:24] <rds> I remain unconvinced that the online presence award should have gone to who it did
[2011/05/26 20:31:27] <rbarlow> we could do something along the lines of eurovision
[2011/05/26 20:31:49] <rbarlow> members of the community can vote on teams before the competition, based on online info
[2011/05/26 20:31:51] <Alistair> have a voting system dictated by politics where the southampton bloc always win?
[2011/05/26 20:31:54] <Alistair> oh, k
[2011/05/26 20:31:59] <rbarlow> then at the competition the committee can also assign points
[2011/05/26 20:32:28] <rds> oh, I mean keep the chairman's award, selected by the SC
[2011/05/26 20:32:35] <rds> then all other awards selected by community
[2011/05/26 20:32:41] <rbarlow> oh, ok
[2011/05/26 20:32:57] <Alistair> apart from the Nth place awards obviously?
[2011/05/26 20:32:58] <samphippen> ok
[2011/05/26 20:33:11] <rds> Alistair: lol, nah we'd choose who got first place too
[2011/05/26 20:33:14] <rds> by setting fire to robots
[2011/05/26 20:33:15] <rds> ok
[2011/05/26 20:33:25] <rds> committee list
[2011/05/26 20:33:49] <samphippen> sr-committee@?
[2011/05/26 20:33:49] <Alistair> I don't think it's necessary, we can email committee@
[2011/05/26 20:33:49] <rds> we have committee@s...r...org
[2011/05/26 20:33:58] <rbarlow> yes, it can be a publicly viewable list but only members can post
[2011/05/26 20:34:03] <samphippen> k
[2011/05/26 20:34:08] <rds> why do we need this list?
[2011/05/26 20:34:13] <rbarlow> if there's anything anyone who's not on the SC wants to expand upon then can on the main list
[2011/05/26 20:34:23] <rbarlow> so that we can discuss things without lots of faff
[2011/05/26 20:34:43] <rds> we already do this by filtering with our eyes
[2011/05/26 20:34:59] <rbarlow> it will help to stop people being drawn off-topic though
[2011/05/26 20:35:11] <rbarlow> but as Alistair said, we can just email committee@
[2011/05/26 20:35:23] <ckirkham> yeah, that works
[2011/05/26 20:35:51] <rds> well, I agree that an extra logged list would help to block out noise, but I'm not entirely convinced this is a problem right now
[2011/05/26 20:35:54] <rbarlow> i think we should use our discretion on what goes to the list and what goes to committee@ then
[2011/05/26 20:35:54] <rds> it might become one...
[2011/05/26 20:36:02] <rds> we can re-evaluate later.
[2011/05/26 20:36:04] <rds> ok
[2011/05/26 20:36:05] <rbarlow> indeed
[2011/05/26 20:36:07] <rds> next item
[2011/05/26 20:36:11] <rds> " - Finish"
[2011/05/26 20:36:18] <samphippen> cool
[2011/05/26 20:36:18] <Alistair> I like the Finns also
[2011/05/26 20:36:22] <rds> " - Eat bacon"
[2011/05/26 20:36:37] * Alistair approves greatly
[2011/05/26 20:36:41] <samphippen> can I part now?
[2011/05/26 20:36:45] <Alistair> I move that we adjourn!
[2011/05/26 20:36:45] <rds> can I suggest that we enforce these meetings only last an hour from their scheduled time?
[2011/05/26 20:36:52] <rds> regardless of whether people are late
[2011/05/26 20:36:58] <rbarlow> sorry about that
[2011/05/26 20:37:11] <rds> ah, next meeting time?
[2011/05/26 20:37:17] <rbarlow> have just finished 3rd year as of 16:30 after all
[2011/05/26 20:37:17] <rds> 2 weeks today, same time?
[2011/05/26 20:37:32] <ckirkham> sure
[2011/05/26 20:37:40] <rbarlow> me + shaun: yes
[2011/05/26 20:37:48] <samphippen> aight
[2011/05/26 20:37:49] <samphippen> laters
[2011/05/26 20:37:49] <rds> k, 9th June it is
