Commitee meeting Minutes

Treasurers and reelections for the positions (5 minutes)

Replace Edd, don't change until after the competition in case of Barclays screwing up forms.
Method: Pick someone and ask if they want to do it. 
Resolution: defer choice of replacement until next meeting.

How much kit we are building for next year, can we order it now? (10 minutes)

Money isn't an issue, our current money is for next year.
Scarzy has generated a situation for closing budget lines.
10%s on closed budget lines make up for missing money for next year's kit.
Clarification: building to make up 54 kits + spares for next KickStart.
Budget reflects replacement of JIO with Arduino. Work is needed to make it emulate a JIO via some firmware.
Motor board replacement possible but increasingly unlikely.
Resolution: fully tested by the end of July for the new motor board
We should talk to Rich. Rob might join once PhD is done.
Resolution: start kit manufacture shortly after Competition


Competition and kickstart at Bristol (5 minutes)

Discuss on list
Needs someone taking an active role in Bristol
Could be at places other than Bristol
Could drift Londonwards or generally towards centre of country
Accommodation for Blueshirts
Still do have a reasonable number of people in Soton
Nail down criteria on Venue
Resolution: list


Which budget lines can be closed (10 minutes)

Can we close the 2012 budget lines?

Resolution: create a second account, with a card, with Â£500 kept in it (or other amounts put in when earmarked for specific purchases to enable the card to be used) to happen concurrently with changing treasury
Resolution: close the 2012 budget lines
One debit card to each treasurer (each signatory).

Charity situation (5 minutes)

Rob intends to work on the charity situation
Teachers from schools as trustees?
Team Leaders as members of charity?
Resolution: defer until after Rob's PhD is done

Shirts (5 minutes)

Shirts should have year and branches removed
Remove sponsors from shirts?
Resolution: get 8 medium, 5 large without branch list and with sponsors (including BitBox)

Agreement on hosting smallpiece - Will drag ABusse into the meeting for this. (10 minutes)

Smallpeice - ran it last year
 (not nearly long enough - disaster averted, just)
We have more control this year - 5 day course
~50 kids (10 teams of 5 using SR kit)
Blueshirts + helpers on hand
5 days for Robot + competition
Year 11s + sixth formers
Everything outside of the university is handled by the Smallpeice Trust
Smallpeice are guaranteeing for kit repair
Andy & Alistair will repair kit
Inventory must be maintained
Resolution: Smallpeice Trust permitted to use SR's name and kit as long as responsibility is taken over their good use
29th of July - 2nd of August
We should recruit 1st year Elecs

Recruitment (10 minutes)

Virtually no recruitment in Southampton
Must get people involved in projects immediately
Sam finds people respond well to Python Koans and motivational first Doing
Find things people can do without needing a lot of kit or tools
We must prepare more for getting people involved
Vision as a possible inroad
"Pairing up" between experienced people and newbies?
  - Rob tried to get small projects like this in groups some time ago

Any other business

CRB situation - community volunteering are now being strict in Soton
Now done in the student services building
Rob thinks he can sort something out
Not a terrible thing if we go through the formal channels
Let's go through the formal channels
