Steering Committee meeting 30/07/13

Present: Andy Cottrell, Jeremy Morse, Sam Phippen, Rob Spanton, Richard Barlow
Missing: Lilafisch

-- More regular things --

Problem with getting new people involved in a sane way.
Get thrust into the IRC channel then no collaberation or attitude towards SR.

Need more regular things to get people involved all over: 
 * video conferences/voice
 * more a human sensation in volunteering
 * confusing for new comers. 
 * progression for new volunteers
 * need more roles
 * more structure
 * training/making people knowing what they can do

We don't really have a presense/office for it all.

* badges or something
* what it means, how you get it, how its tested
* more general training on sr things
* Documentation and process

Mailing list in a month or so.

--Plan for next year--

What we each want to do for the next year:

-Sam:-
Planning things for the next year
* Kickstart
** Room booking
** things to do for competitors

* Tech days 
** at lots of locations

* Internet access for everything
* Tech days for example, more logical approach
* Easily feesible everywhere

* Competition
** Lots of people to help
** Trying to keep everything public

Confident all these events can be organised without people being on fire
How do we avoid this? No real good answer currently.

-Jeremy:-

* Schools have signed up
* 14 places left currently ish
* Large interacting around september, mainly surrey
* More posters, advertising, etc
* Delegating some stuff out, all teachers like having a good communication with, splitting this up could be helpful, to be more managable.
* Keeping up with schools cannot be done by one person
* 35 signed up, some more very likely too.
* sam: some people from london hackerspace interested
* Not including any double teams from a school, not aiming for it.
* mentoring may be avaible inside the m25

-Rich:-

* kit preperation for kickstart
* working on designing a new power board and servo board for sr2015.
* talking to ceed studios about getting the motorboard made by them, so that we can just buy more/other people can buy more.
* motorboards are being made at this moment

Any software development? 
* IDE, website stuff, simulators? Not been thought about yet
* Sam said pete should be hopefully doing some competition software before the competition

Rob on software: 

* Looking more at software sides on the robots
* Quite a lot of change to be done for tablets and wifi and such
* IDE needs more work, hard to change or get lots of work done
* Requirements on trac
* talking to it from external programs

-Rob on his position:-

* We have enough money for this year and start next year with the same number of teams as this year
* got some contacts through a conference
* networking stuff happening
* charity status stuff, later on agenda
* more generally, adjusting how the volunteering for SR works
* without more sponsorship, cannot expand for sr2015, but will safely stay the same. same kit too. 
* kit and new teams with more money after
* venue stuff, has Â£12000 for venue in currently.

-Andy:-

* Pushing social media lots, as obvious
* getting some posters about
* issues with social media and interactions with students
* trying to find all blogs and such who will be interested 
* getting media to the competition
* lots of people interested in lots of videos this year, ollie, simon

--Budget mods--

Why do they take so long to get through?
Emailing people, human interaction and computer interaction.
People could email committee@
more prompting
Automating the checking of price

Not always knowledgeable in the situation, for big changes or hard choices.
budget mods need to be done more


--Facebook--
   
Interaction with minors
- everyone manages to do it
- some legal problems?

facebook page is public representation

interacting with everyone

quantity not quality - a stream of just random content?

What is the fundamental that facebook page and facebook page that some guy has made about student robotics
- the people who are in student robotics work on it regularly, know a lot more, knowledge locked up in the brains. we have inside knowledge. We're not a faceless organisation. extra insite into the internals. 
- the point is semi back and forth, sharing content. Student Robotics community behind it. 
- how do you vet someone to be on it
- what do we do if someone posts something that we shouldn't approve of
-- trust in the community?

email others on how to do it

--Charity stuff--

* getting status
* set of trustees, some who are team leaders? won't be linked to steering committee. 
* post upcoming about it and the general process

--Blueshirt recruitment--

* email to jeremy, about bunfight and talks and such
* doings arent enjoyable for some
* cant change culture
* more targets

--kit preperation--
* octoberish time to be ready for
* lots of tickets
* a lot of work to do
* need lots of people to work on it
* hard to get more people to do them
* meetings based on this
* needs more asking specific people of if they can do it
* batteries
* consumer electronics, we're buying in a lot of stuff. 
* these are not easy in bulk
* some companies only sell to to companies
* sole traders?


--Venue--
* outgrown southampton
* money towards venue allocated
* universities arent the best position to run things well.
* Newbury Racecourse, two floors, discounts for not for profit, 3500~4000 pd. 
* Old Truman Brewery, london. similar price. some pillars in the way.
* end of doing things of a rubbish manner
* investigate susu but not major

--Smallpiece--
* it's happening
* they have our kit and blueshirts doing stuff on it atm
* should we be using our resources more on us, not in it?
* srobo for 12-16
* adults, paid to enter?



--Treasurers--

* Nominate treasurers then public vote
* Rob and Rich. 



Next meeting planned, approximately three weeks



